three-pointer miss but offensive rebound
punched up an end by cauley-stein
Carolina though the other way Bryce
Johnson quickly gets the Duncan
transition 1841 to go first half justin
jackson backdoor to price johnson
quickly catches it and lays it in before
cauley-stein could catch up Johnson with
all four of Carolinas points Lyle's for
three spins out tokoto with the rebound
good box-out by Justin Jackson to allow
tokoto to get it Carolina was in the
zone that defensive possession tokoto
will pull up and switch the jumpers
first straight away he never passed it
they trap Harrison in the backcourt his
push ahead pass intercepted by hicks
he'll give it to nate britt who will
have to slow it down over the pensions
right sideline to talk it over 43 don't
get 0 knocks in the long ball to get
Carolina within 3 20 to 19 and Kentucky
will take a timeout I promise you that
that was something that they said it's
if you can just touch the ball slow them
down Henson somehow loops one off the
glass for two he held the ball the
entire possession Jackson and Peaks
reenters in the five on the floor the
starting time as Carolina tries the
alley-oop to Bryce Johnson who finishes
it with one hand what Wildcat fans are
used to seeing that from their teams
Jackson right baseline two beaks looking
to pass now Kennedy's going to lower his
shoulder and hit the hook shot Karl
towns took a dive no whistle blew and
you can imagine what the Kentucky fans
think of that brit on the right wing 602
to go first half r it drives in goes off
the glass know but Kennedy meet throws
it down on the rebound Carolina facing
its largest deficit matching its largest
deficit of the game 11 down 42 29-page
still hadn't scored ill try and change
that and does with the floater left of
the lane page got caught in the air
tried to dish it downloaded Justin
Jackson whips a pass to Jackson Simmons
who gets the roll on the layup from the
right that adds up to a 15-point
Kentucky lead at the break around the
perimeter to token Oh lookin four weeks
down low against it one-on-one with
towns I still look past the page in the
corner is three is good page from deep
in the right quarter tough shot page
will attack has to sit it out to Britt
is three tips the front of the iron
short loose ball rebound chased down by
otário into pages hands for three tokito
the man who win and got it he sent it to
page you hit the long distance jumper
Jill Mary with it for the he'll bounce
pass down low to me she's going to go
one-on-one with dakari Johnson forces it
up Nell the Meeks able to tip it back up
it is 84 kennedy meeks carolina quickly
the other direction page amongst the
trees will send it out to pizza a top
three pointer good off the glass pinson
with the bank three loose ball rebound
goes to Britt he'll bring it front court
on the angle dribble
chica paid open for three yes agent hit
rapport freeze this half Joe very open
for three spits out Justin Jackson with
the rebound in the foot back from the
right for Carolina first bucket of a
half for Justin Jackson their food go to
the right direction turnover off the
double-team tokoto will bring it front
court and throw down a right-handed jail
for his eighth point of the day Kentucky
80 for Carolina 70 the final score in
rupp arena today